what an average drop was he dead
Bridgeport high school is a very unique
high school for our students to attend
it's very rural our population is 90%
Hispanic our students come from poverty
the parents do what they can to support
these kids and here at school we try to
fill that gap with the rest of the
support as a senior at Richland High
School I've really been privileged
because the teachers really helped me
out a lot I speak Spanish at home but
English at school and they understand
that and they really support me and
whatever I want to do and at whatever I
do the students at Bridgeport high
school they are generally
first-generation Latino students who
basically are gonna be the first in
their family to graduate from high
school let alone go on to college
teachers make a difference in my life
just by been there supporting me gave me
confidence
they helped me out with the homework but
they also challenged me to do better
mrs. Roman is really there for me and
she really supports me with my school
activities and sports activities mr.
celli is really there for me and he's
taught me lifelong lessons that will
follow me through college mr. Jackson is
very inspirational he's gone through the
same struggles that I am currently going
through and he surpassed their business
Tariq is teaching me lifelong lessons in
the court in the classroom and outside
of school mr. Jackson has pushed me
since I was a freshman and he is still
pushing me to take rigorous courses
Bridgeport High School has partnered up
with Wenatchee Valley College to work
together and offer all students an
opportunity to earn college credits 48%
of our student body is enrolled in
college earning classes as a senior
graduating from Ridgeway high school
having the opportunity to take both AP
and college courses has helped prepare
me for college our high school has
committed to our education and to pain
on tuition fees and AP exam fees our
college credits are more than just a
number they are our future our students
are prepared to go on to college from
here and to go on into the world after
high school
82% of our graduating class is college
bound I prepared myself for college by
taking the events schedule and also
being a volunteer firefighter and
coordinated an American Red Cross blood
drive here at our school there's no
doubt that bridge for high school has
prepared me for college
you